[VLESS Encryption](https://github.com/XTLS/Xray-core/pull/5067) settings. Cannot be left empty; to disable, explicitly set to `"none"`.

It is recommended for most users to use the `xray vlessenc` command to automatically generate this field to avoid configuration mistakes. The detailed configuration below is recommended only for advanced users.

Its format is a detailed configuration string of fields connected by `.`. For example: `mlkem768x25519plus.native.0rtt.100-111-1111.75-0-111.50-0-3333.ptjHQxBQxTJ9MWr2cd5qWIflBSACHOevTauCQwa_71U`. This document will refer to the separate parts separated by dots as "blocks".

- **The 1st block** is the handshake method. Currently, there is only `mlkem768x25519plus`. Requires consistency between server and client.
- **The 2nd block** is the traffic appearance. Options are `native`/`xorpub`/`random`, corresponding to: raw format packet / raw format + obfuscated public key part / fully random numbers (similar to VMESS/Shadowsocks). Requires consistency between server and client.
- **The 3rd block** is session resumption. Choosing `0rtt` will follow the server settings to attempt to use previously generated tickets to skip the handshake for fast connection (can be manually disabled by the server). Choosing `1rtt` will force a 1-RTT handshake process. The meaning here differs from the server setting; see VLESS Inbound `decryption` settings for details.

Following blocks are **padding**. After the connection is established, the client sends some garbage data to obfuscate length characteristics. It does not need to be the same as the server (the corresponding part in the inbound is the padding sent from the server to the client). It is a variable-length part with the format `padding.delay.padding` + `(.delay.padding)` x n (multiple padding blocks can be inserted, requiring a delay block between two padding blocks).

- `padding` format is `probability-min-max`. E.g., `100-111-1111` means 100% probability to send a padding of length 111~1111.
- `delay` format is also `probability-min-max`. E.g., `75-0-111` means 75% probability to wait 0~111 milliseconds.

The first padding block has special requirements: probability must be 100% and minimum length greater than 0. If no padding exists, the core automatically uses `100-111-1111.75-0-111.50-0-3333` as the padding setting.

**The last block** will be recognized by the core as the parameter used to authenticate the server. It can be generated by `./xray x25519` (using the Password part) or `./xray mlkem768` (using the Client part). It must correspond to the server. `mlkem768` belongs to post-quantum algorithms, preventing (future) client parameter leaks from allowing quantum computers to crack the private key and impersonate the server. This parameter is only used for verification; the handshake process is post-quantum secure regardless, and existing encrypted data cannot be decrypted by future quantum computers.
